Hmph, who is it?
Mrs. Liang
Zhen Mo Yunxue is just a girl of my Luo family
Locked up for traffic homicide, honor
Unexpectedly, he was rescued by City Lord Liang
Oh, and this?
Roy Snow
Criminals like you who seduce other people's husbands
Should be locked up in a cage
Can't get out for life
Look at Liang Yunsong's face
I admire you Liang family alone
But you've gone too far.
Now I've decided I can't take it anymore
Roy Snow, how dare you hit my mother?
How have you been?
You are courting death, Miss Luo
I, Liang Yunsong, did not educate my wife and children well.
Miss Luo, it's okay to punish
They are them
You are yours.
Today I will still educate you.
This slap hits you right or wrong
This slap hits your godson sick
You may not be satisfied with the effect.